results/tchannel-python/tests/util.py:38 - token = b64encode(random_bytes).decode('utf-8')
results/tchannel-python/tests/thrift/test_server.py:73 - pass  # don't care
results/tchannel-python/tests/integration/test_error_handling.py:115 - # bypass the default checksum calculation
results/tchannel-python/tchannel/context.py:50 - * Pass the :py:class:`tchannel.Request` to every method that may need to
results/tchannel-python/tchannel/context.py:59 - :py:class:`RequestContext` tracking (for cases when you want to pass the
results/tchannel-python/tchannel/tracing.py:41 - # hide the former from the user code.
results/tchannel-python/tchannel/tracing.py:62 - * Pass some "context" object to every method that may need to use it.
results/tchannel-python/tchannel/tracing.py:139 - pass  # tracer might not support Zipkin format
results/tchannel-python/tchannel/tracing.py:290 - pass  # tracer might not support Zipkin format
results/tchannel-python/tchannel/tchannel.py:79 - Make requests and register handles that pass raw bytes.
results/tchannel-python/tchannel/_future.py:65 - assert is_future(future), 'you forgot to pass a future'
results/tchannel-python/tchannel/thrift/server.py:142 - # The user never called write_result or threw an
results/tchannel-python/tchannel/tornado/stream.py:194 - need to pass both of them into init method.
results/tchannel-python/tchannel/tornado/request.py:45 - Request class is used to represent the CallRequestMessage at User's level.
results/tchannel-python/tchannel/tornado/message_factory.py:91 - # TODO decide what need to pass from request
results/tchannel-python/tchannel/tornado/message_factory.py:130 - # TODO decide what need to pass from request
results/tchannel-python/tchannel/tornado/message_factory.py:185 - # TODO decide what to pass to Request from message
results/tchannel-python/tchannel/tornado/message_factory.py:210 - # TODO decide what to pass to Response from message
results/tchannel-python/tchannel/tornado/response.py:45 - Response class is used to represent the CallResponseMessage at User's
results/tchannel-python/tchannel/tornado/dispatch.py:94 - This method will build the User friendly request object based on the
results/tchannel-python/tchannel/tornado/dispatch.py:128 - # user still tries read from it, it will return empty.
